SQLStore: Optionally retry queries if sqlite returns database is locked (#56096)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/setup-grafana/configure-grafana/_index.md

For "sqlite3" only. [Shared cache](https://www.sqlite.org/sharedcache.html) setting used for connecting to the database. (private, shared)
Defaults to `private`.

### query_retries

> For "sqlite" only. How many times to retry a query in case of database is locked failures. Default is 0 (disabled).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This setting applies to `sqlite` only and controls the number of times the system retries a query when the database is locked. The default value is `0` (disabled).
```

### transaction_retries

> For "sqlite" only. How many times to retry a transaction in case of database is locked failures. Default is 5.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This setting applies to `sqlite` only and controls the number of times the system retries a transaction when the database is locked. The default value is `5` (disabled).
```

Reviewer 2: @chri2547 5 is not the same as disabled?

Reviewer: That looks like my fault. Just removed the word disabled. Thank you!
